Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
Roland: LET THE KC GRAND
CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS BEGIN!
STOP THE DUEL!
AS PRESIDENT OF KAIBACORP
I DECLARE THIS MATCH INVALID!
AS THE RESULT OF
A DISQUALIFICATION...
THE WINNER OF THIS DUEL
IS LEON WILSON!
ANY PARTICULAR REASON
FOR THIS?
YOU BROKE YOUR
TOURNAMENT CONTRACT!
BY ENTERING THE EVENT
UNDER A FALSE NAME!
ZIGFRIED LLOYD.
OR SHOULD I SAY
ZIGFRIED VON SCHROEDER!
OF THE SCHROEDER
CORPORATION!
I'M GLAD YOU CAME HERE...
BECAUSE NOW I GET A CHANCE TO
PUBLICLY HUMILIATE YOU AGAIN!
NOW, TAKE IT AWAY BLUE-EYES!
AH, NOOO!
THIS...ISN'T...OVER!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
CAN YOU BELIEVE
THAT GUY?
HE WEASELED HIS WAY
INTO THIS TOURNAMENT
JUST TO PUBLICLY
HUMILIATE KAIBA.
Leon:
WELL, HE DID HAVE
HIS REASONS.
YEAH BUT WHEN HE
STARTED ENDANGERING
PEOPLES' LIVES...
ZIGFRIED STEPPED
OVER THE LINE!
DO YOU GUYS THINK
ALL THAT STUFF
ABOUT KAIBA STEALING
ZIGFRIED'S INVENTION IS TRUE?
I MEAN HE SEEMED
PRETTY BITTER.
HEY.
WHATTA YOU THINK
OF ALL THIS?
Yami-Yugi:
KAIBA MAY BE COMPETITIVE,
BUT HE'S NOT A THIEF.
HIS ACCOMPLISHMENTS ARE A RESULT
OF HIS DRIVE AND DETERMINATION.
BUT ZIGFRIED HAS BEEN BLINDED
BY HIS OWN JEALOUSY.
HE SPENT HIS ENTIRE LIFE
TRYING TO OUTDO KAIBA,
BUT HE WAS ALWAYS
ONE STEP BEHIND.
HEY!
SETO, WAIT!
AWESOME DUELING
OUT THERE BRO!
HOPEFULLY DEFEATING
THAT WANNABE
SENT THE MESSAGE TO THE
REST OF OUR COMPETITORS
THAT KAIBACORP
IS NOT A COMPANY
TO BE MESSED WITH.
BECAUSE NEXT TIME
I'M NOT GONNA BE
SO FRIENDLY.
ROLAND...
LET'S MOVE ON.
RIGHT!
ANNOUNCE THE START
OF THE CHAMPIONSHIP
MATCH-UP.
SIR!?
SHALL I HAVE SECURITY REMOVE
ZIGFRIED FROM THE PARK?
THAT WON'T BE NECESSARY.
I WANT HIM TO SEE
WHAT HE MISSED OUT ON,
SO GIVE HIM A GOOD SEAT
FOR THE NEXT DUEL.
AH FUNNY.
WAIT UP!
Roland: IT'S THE MOMENT
YOU'VE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR!
THE FINAL MATCH OF
THE GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP!
FEATURING THE BOY WONDER
AND SEMI-FINAL CHAMP!
IT'S...LEAPIN' LEON WILSON!
HE'LL FACE OFF AGAINST
THE REIGNING INTERNATIONAL
DUEL MONSTERS CHAMPION!
NONE OTHER THAN...THE KING OF
GAMES HIMSELF, YUGI MUTO!
THIS WILL BE A DUEL
TO REMEMBER!
YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN.
THE CHAMPIONSHIP BOUT IS ABOUT
TO BEGIN IN KAIBA LAND'S
BLUE-EYES FORTRESS!
THIS IS GONNA BE
SO AWESOME,
YOU TOTALLY HOOKED US UP
WITH THE BEST SEATS
IN THE HOUSE MOKUBA!
IT WAS NOTHIN'!
LET'S JUST SAY I KNOW SOME
PEOPLE WHO KNOW SOME PEOPLE
IN THESE PARTS.
MAYBE IF YOU'RE LUCKY
I'LL TAKE YOU BACKSTAGE
TO MEET THE STARS.
WOW YOU REALLY ARE
A BIG SHOT!
HEY THE MATCH
IS STARTING!
I'M GONNA CHEER THE LOUDEST
FOR MY YUGI!
YEAH...YOU DO THAT.
WELL PHARAOH...THIS IS IT.
AND I HAVE TO ADMIT
WITH OUR TITLE ON THE LINE
I'M A LITTLE BIT NERVOUS.
JUST REMEMBER TO STAY
FOCUSED AND MOST OF ALL
HAVE FUN.
YU-GI-OH!
NOW IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
Zigfried:
LOVELY DAY FOR A DUEL,
ISN'T IT?
I HOPE YOU BROUGHT
EVERYTHING YOU NEED.
ZIGFRIED?
WHAT'RE YOU
DOING HERE?
GIVING YOU THIS.
HERE.
TAKE IT.
IT MIGHT BRING YOU LUCK.
Roland:
WELCOME TO WHAT MAY BE THE MOST
ANTICIPATED DUEL EVER PLAYED--
THE FINAL BOUT OF
THE KC GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP!!
NOW GIVE IT UP FOR OUR
CURRENT TITLE HOLDER YUGI MUTO!
YEAHHH!
AND NOW OUR CHALLENGER AND VERY
OWN BOY WONDER--LEON WILSON!
LET'S DO THIS.
I FOUGHT LONG AND HARD
TO GET HERE.
IT'S ALWAYS BEEN MY DREAM
TO MEET YOU, YUGI
AND NOW THAT I HAVE...
I'VE GOT MYSELF A NEW DREAM.
TO DEFEAT YOU!
THE OPPONENTS HAVE STARTED
TALKING TRASH, WHICH MEANS
THE DUEL IS READY TO BEGIN!
WHO WILL BE THE CHAMPION!?
LEON WILSON?
OR YUGI MUTO!?
BEST OF LUCK
OUT THERE.
I DON'T NEED LUCK.
AND NOW, TO KICK OFF
THE FESTIVITIES,
PLEASE WELCOME
A VERY SPECIAL INDIVIDUAL!
I THOUGH YOU'D NEVER ASK!
HE'S TALKING
ABOUT MY BROTHER
NOT YOU YA NIMROD!
I KNEW DAT.
Roland: A MAN WITHOUT WHOM
NONE OF THIS COULD TAKE PLACE.
THE HOST OF THE KC GRAND
CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT--
MR. SETO KAIBA!
LEAVE IT TO KAIBA TO MAKE
THIS WHOLE TOURNAMENT
ALL ABOUT HIM!
WELL HE DID ORGANIZE IT,
AND PAY FOR IT
AND BUILD THE THEME PARK
TO HOST IT
SO I'D SAY
IT IS ALL ABOUT HIM.
YEAH IN FACT NOW
THAT I THINK OF IT
THE ONLY THING THAT
KAIBA DIDN'T DO IN
THIS TOURNAMENT IS DUEL.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND LEMME TELL YA HE WANTED TO
PARTICIPATE IN THIS TOURNAMENT
MORE THAN ANYTHING.
BUT HE WAS TOO BUSY OPENING
KAIBA LAND IMPROVING OUR
COMPANY'S IMAGE.
HE'S THE ONLY ONE WHO REALLY
DESERVES TO FACE YUGI.
WELL I DON'T KNOW IF I'D
GO DAT FAR MOKUBA.
I MEAN I COULDA BEEN
A CONTENDER!
PLEASE.
YOU LOST
YOUR FIRST DUEL!
I, ON THE OTHER HAND,
ALMOST BEAT LEON.
AND NOW HE'S GOT
THE TITLE-SHOT!
Mokuba: YEAH, BUT IF MY BROTHER
DUELED IN THIS TOURNAMENT
FROM THE BEGINNING,
HE WOULDA BLOWN YOU ALL AWAY!
THE KC GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP
TOURNAMENT WAS DESIGNED
WITH ONE THING IN MIND!
FINDING THE ONLY PERSON
BESIDES MYSELF
WHO DESERVES TO BE CALLED THE
GREATEST DUELIST IN THE WORLD!
SO THESE TWO COMPETITORS WILL
FACE-OFF IN ONE FINAL BATTLE
TO DETERMINE JUST THAT!
NOWWWW!
START THE DUEL!
LET'S GO!
[CROWD CHEERING]
I'LL START OFF...
WITH THIS!
IT'S MY FEROCIOUS FOREST WOLF
IN ATTACK MODE!!
WHAT DA HECK
IS DAT!?
A WOLF IN
GRANDMA'S CLOTHING?!
DON'T BE FOOLED!
THAT CARD'S BAD NEWS!
I END MY TURN!
VERY WELL!
NOW!
I'LL BEGIN BY ACTIVATING
A MAGIC CARD KNOWN
AS POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'LL USE IT TO
FUSE TWO OF MY MONSTERS
TOGETHER.
SO GAZELLE, AND BERFOMET
JOIN FORCES TO FORM...
CHIMERA THE FLYING
MYTHICAL BEAST!
[ROARING]
AND NOW CHIMERA, ATTACK
HIS FOREST WOLF!
[SCREAMING]
AWESOME!
WHO'S AFRAID
'A DA BIG BAD WOLF!?
NOT YUGI!
Leon: YOU THINK THIS
IS ALL A BIG JOKE!?
I'VE WAITED MY ENTIRE LIFE
FOR THE CHANCE TO FACE OFF
AGAINST YUGI!
SO YOU MIGHT SAY I'M NOT
TAKING THIS DUEL TOO LIGHTLY
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!
I'M HERE TO WIN AND WIN BIG!
NOW CHECK THIS OUT!
MY MOVE!
SOOO...I'LL START WITH
MY MOST DEVASTATING
CREATURE YET!
Tea: SHE'S SO CUTE!
Joey: I CAN'T BELIEVE
I KNOW THIS
BUT ISN'T DAT LITTLE
RED RIDING HOOD!?
I GUESS LEON
STILL LIKES FAIRY TALES.
Rebecca: TRUST ME YOU GUYS
DON'T EVEN KNOW THE HALF OF IT!
WELL HOW TOUGH
CAN THEY BE?
LET'S JUST SAY THEY'RE NOT
THE SWEET LITTLE CHARACTERS
YOU GUYS REMEMBER.
Leon: MAKE YOUR MOVE!
SPEAKING OF NOT BEING SWEET,
WHAT'S UP WITH LEON?
YEAH, EVER SINCE THIS
DUEL STARTED, HE'S BEEN
ACTING LIKE A JERK!
Kaiba: FOR ONCE I AGREE
WITH YOU DORKS.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING
THE COMPETITORS CLOSELY
SINCE THE TOURNAMENT BEGAN,
AND SOMETHING DEFINITELY
SEEMS DIFFERENT ABOUT THAT KID.
AND I DON'T TRUST HIM.
Yugi:
PHARAOH...ARE YOU THINKING
WHAT I'M THINKING?
SOMETHING WRONG?
IT'S JUST THAT LEON
DOESN'T SEEM TO BE ACTING
LIKE HIMSELF OUT THERE.
YES HE DOES SEEM A BIT
ANGRY TO SAY THE LEAST.
WHAT COULD HAVE HAPPENED?
YA THINK THE PRESSURE
IS GETTING TO HIM?
I DON'T KNOW YUGI.
BUT NOW THE DUEL
MUST GO ON!
OH NO!!!!
ARGH!
HOW COULD I MISS IT?!
MR. KAIBA'S GONNA GO BALLISTIC
WHEN HE HEARS THIS!!
[ROARING]
ALRIGHT!
I SUMMON OBNOXIOUS
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
ATTACK LITTLE
RED RIDING HOOD WITH
CELTIC BLADE SLASH!
NICE ONE YUGI!
I NEVER LIKED THAT STORY
ANYWAY!
THESE FAIRY TALE FREAKS
ARE NOTHIN' COMPARED TO
YUGI'S MONSTERS!
I WOULDN'T BE SO SURE
OF THAT, JOEY.
EVERY ONE OF LEON'S MONSTERS
COMES WITH AN ANNOYING
LITTLE TWIST.
Leon: NOW FOR LITTLE
RED RIDING HOOD'S
LITTLE TWIST!
ONCE SHE'S DESTROYED,
I'M ALLOWED TO TRANSFER ANY
LEVEL-FOUR WARRIOR MONSTER FROM
MY DECK DIRECTLY TO THE FIELD!
SO WATCH THIS!
I SUMMON MY FOREST HUNTER
IN ATTACK MODE!
LIKE MOST OF MY MONSTERS
FOREST HUNTER COMES WITH
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND HIS LETS HIM REMOVE ONE
BEAST OR BEAST-WARRIOR MONSTER
FROM THE GAME
BEFORE HE EVEN ATTACKS YOU!
BUT THAT MEANS--
THAT'S RIGHT!
FOREST HUNTER...!
ELIMINATE CHIMERA!
FIRE!
YUGI!
I'M TELLIN' YOU GUYS
LEON PULLED OUT
ALL THESE WEIRD TRICKS
WHEN HE DUELED
AGAINST ME, ALSO!
BUT I WILL SAY HE DEFINITELY
SEEMED TO BE HAVING MORE FUN
THAN HE IS RIGHT NOW.
BUT WHAT CHANGED?
HE'S DUELING FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE NOW.
BEING NERVOUS ABOUT A BIG DUEL
IS ONE THING
BUT ACTING LIKE A TOTAL CREEP
IS ANOTHER!
LEON SAID HE'S BEEN WAITING
TO DUEL YUGI FOR YEARS
SO YOU'D THINK HE'D AT LEAST
CRACK A SMILE OUT THERE!
AND WITH THAT
I SHALL END MY TURN.
YA KNOW SOMETHING YUGI?
EVER SINCE
I FIRST SAW YOU DUEL
YOU'VE BEEN LIKE
A ROLE MODEL TO ME.
AND I DREAMED ABOUT
ONE DAY FACING YOU.
AND NOW THAT IT'S HAPPENING...
I CAN'T EVEN ENJOY MYSELF!
'CAUSE I HAVE A JOB TO DO!
WHAT'S HE
TALKING ABOUT!?
MR. KAIBA!
YOU'VE GOT TO TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS, SIR!
SOMETHING WAS FISHY
IN LEON'S PROFILE,
SO I RAN ANOTHER
BACKGROUND CHECK!
TELL ME THIS IS
SOME KIND OF A JOKE!
Zigfried: I'M AFRAID
IT'S TRUE HERR KAIBA.
SO THIS IS THE FINAL PART
OF YOUR TWISTED PLAN?
YES, AND IT TOOK YOU
LONG ENOUGH TO FIGURE
IT OUT.
THROWING AWAY YOUR OWN LIFE
WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH
SO YOU HAD TO DRAG YOUR OWN
BROTHER DOWN WITH YOU!?
[COLLECTIVE GASP]
IT'S ALL TRUE.
EVERY WORD.
LEON WILSON IS,
IN REALITY,
MY YOUNGER BROTHER!
LEON VON SCHROEDER!
THE CAT IS OUT OF
THE BAG, LEON!
IT'S TIME TO REVEAL
THE REAL REASON
YOU ENTERED
THIS TOURNAMENT!
WHATEVER YOU SAY,
BIG BRO!
Joey:
WAIT, SO THESE TWO
ARE BROTHERS?
Tea: PAY ATTENTION JOEY!
THIS IS INSANE!
ALL I HAD TO DO WAS MAKE YOU
BELIEVE THAT I WAS THE REAL
THREAT IN THIS TOURNAMENT.
YOU WERE SO INTENT ON
STOPPING ME THAT YOU WERE
BLINDED FROM THE TRUTH.
SO WHILE YOU WERE FOOLISHLY
EXHAUSTING YOUR RESOURCES TRYING
TO UNCOVER THE TRUTH ABOUT ME,
MY BROTHER WAS QUIETLY CLIMBING
THE RANKS OF THIS COMPETITION
VIRTUALLY UNOPPOSED!
AND NOW A VON SCHROEDER
IS ABOUT TO WIN IT ALL!
YOUR BIGGEST RIVAL IS ABOUT TO
REIGN VICTORIOUS IN YOUR OWN
TOURNAMENT HERR KAIBA!
AND THE TIMING
COULDN'T BE BETTER
SINCE SCHROEDER CORP
IS ABOUT TO RELEASE
OUR NEW GAMING SYSTEM.
JUST IMAGINE THE PUBLICITY
MY NEW GAME WILL GET!
WHEN MY BROTHER DEFEATS
THE KING OF GAMES HIMSELF!
YOU MEAN YOU SABOTAGED
MY TOURNAMENT JUST TO SELL
A FEW LOUSY GAMES?
IF THERE'S ANYONE WHO
KNOWS ABOUT LOUSY GAMES,
IT'S YOU, HERR KAIBA.
YOU'VE HAD YOUR MOMENT
AT THE TOP
SO NOW IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO STEP ASIDE.
AND AS SOON AS MY BROTHER
IS CROWNED WORLD CHAMPION
THE NEW AGE OF SCHROEDER
CORP WILL BEGIN!
THIS DUEL'S NOT OVER
YET ZIG-FREAK!
N' YUGI WON'T LOSE!
Roland: SHOULD I STOP THE DUEL,
MR. KAIBA?
IF YOU DISQUALIFY
LEON NOW
YOU'LL BE BREAKING THE RULES
OF YOUR OWN COMPETITION.
DUELS IN PROGRESS
CAN'T BE STOPPED.
PLUS IF YOU PULL THE PLUG
BEFORE A CHAMPION IS NAMED,
THEN YOUR ENTIRE TOURNAMENT
WAS NOTHING MORE THAN
A GIANT WASTE OF TIME!
BUT THAT'S ONLY
ONE MAN'S OPINION.
YOU DO WHAT YOU THINK
IS RIGHT.
HA HA HA!
THERE'S A LITTLE PROBLEM
WITH YOUR PLAN, ZIGFRIED.
THERE'S ONLY ONE DUELIST
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
WHO'S TALENTED ENOUGH
TO DEFEAT YUGI AND THAT'S ME!
AND AS I SEE IT YOUR PLAN
ONLY WORKS IF HE LOSES.
BUT THEN AGAIN, I GUESS THAT'S
ONLY "ONE MAN'S OPINION"
ISN'T IT ZIGFRIED?
SO I'D SAY YOUR BROTHER HAS
AS MUCH OF A SHOT OF WINNING
AS YOUR COMPANY DOES
OF EVER SUCCEEDING!
Tristan: WHOA,
NOW THAT WAS PRETTY LOW.
HE DESERVES IT!
YEAH NO MERCY!
Kaiba: THIS CHAMPIONSHIP DUEL
WILL NOW CONTINUE AS SCHEDULED!
AND MAY THE BEST DUELIST WIN!
I NEVER EXPECTED ANYONE
TO DEFEAT YOU IN THIS
TOURNAMENT, YUGI.
THAT HONOR WILL BELONG TO ME.
ALRIGHT LEON!
IT IS TIME
TO PROVE YOUR WORTH
AS A VON SCHROEDER
AND CRUSH YUGI MUTO
JUST LIKE WE REHEARSED
IT A THOUSAND TIMES!
Joey: SHEESH...WHO KNEW ZIGGY
WAS SUCH A STAGE MOM?
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN BRO.
LET'S GET BACK TO
BUSINESS, SHALL WE!?
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
THAT MEANS EVERYTHING
LEON SAID TO US
ABOUT HIS DREAMS OF BECOMING
A CHAMPION DUELIST
WAS ONE BIG LIE!
I'LL GET TO THE BOTTOM
OF THIS.
TELL ME LEON, ARE YOU REALLY
HERE TO DESTROY KAIBACORP?
OR ARE YOU LETTING YOUR BROTHER
CONTROL WHO YOU ARE!?
THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE!
Zigfried:
LISTEN LEON!
DON'T LET THESE DO-GOODERS
TURN YOU AGAINST ME!
THEY WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND
WHAT OUR FAMILY
HAS BEEN THROUGH!
NOW GO AHEAD AND CRUSH
YUGI MUTO
SO YOU CAN OBTAIN
THE CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE
YOU SO RIGHTFULLY DESERVE!
IT'S YOUR DUTY
AS A SCHROEDER!
I KNOW.
HOLD ON!
SAVE IT!
MY BROTHER'S RIGHT--
YOU JUST DON'T GET IT!
TRUST ME I KNOW WHAT YOU
WERE JUST ABOUT TO SAY YUGI.
THAT DUELING IN ORDER TO GET
REVENGE IS WRONG!
BUT MY BROTHER NEVER ASKED
FOR MY HELP BEFORE
AND NOW
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER
HE NEEDS ME!
I'M SORRY.
BUT I CAN'T
LET HIM DOWN.
EVER SINCE I CAN REMEMBER,
ZIGFRIED WAS THE MOST IMPORTANT
MEMBER OF OUR FAMILY.
HEY ZIGGY!
CHECK OUT THIS NEW FAIRY TALE
BOOK I JUST GOT!
DON'T BOTHER
YOUR BROTHER, LEON!
IT'S TIME FOR
HIS LESSONS NOW AND
HE MUST CONCENTRATE.
NOW REMEMBER ZIGFRIED,
YOU MUST STUDY VERY HARD!
YOUR FATHER CAN'T RUN
SCHROEDER CORP FOREVER
AND SOMEDAY
OUR FAMILY BUSINESS
WILL BE IN YOUR HANDS.
AS FOR YOU...
SEE TO IT THAT YOUR
BROTHER ISN'T DISTRACTED
BY ALL OF YOUR NOISE.
I PROMISE I WON'T MAKE
A PEEP.
WITH EVERYONE'S ATTENTION
FOCUSED ON ZIGFRIED, I WAS
PRETTY MUCH FORGOTTEN ABOUT.
SO I LEARNED
TO ENTERTAIN MYSELF.
I SPENT MOST OF MY TIME
READING FAIRY TALES.
IT WAS FUN,
BUT PART OF ME STILL WISHED
THERE WAS SOMETHING I COULD DO
TO HELP MY FAMILY...
JUST LIKE ZIGFRIED.
THEN I DISCOVERED
THE GAME OF DUEL MONSTERS.
AND MY LIFE
WAS NEVER THE SAME.
I PLAY...THIS!
I GUESS I JUST HAD
A KNACK FOR DUELING.
MC: AND THE WINNER IS...
LEON WILSON!
Leon: I CHANGED MY NAME
SO MY FAMILY WOULDN'T FIND OUT.
NICE DUELING.
YOU FOUND ME!
ARE YOU MAD?
OF COURSE NOT,
I CAME TO CONGRATULATE YOU
ON YOUR LATEST VICTORY.
LOOK AT YOU HACKING INTO
TOURNAMENT COMPUTER SYSTEMS
AND CREATING PHONY IDENTITIES
LIKE A LITTLE SECRET AGENT.
WHO KNEW YOU WERE
SO DEVIOUS?
DON'T TELL MOM AND DAD!
YOU KNOW THERE'S NO WAY
THEY WOULD UNDERSTAND
ZIGFRIED!
BUT I LOVE DUELING MORE
THAN ANYTHING SO I DID
WHATEVER IT TOOK.
THERE'S NO NEED TO EXPLAIN
YOURSELF TO ME.
I'M JUST GLAD THAT I'M
FINALLY GETTING THE CHANCE TO
BOND WITH MY LITTLE BROTHER.
LET ME REPHRASE.
MY TALENTED LITTLE BROTHER
WHO SEEMS TO POSSESS ALL
SORTS OF HIDDEN ABILITIES.
ABILITIES HE SHOULD BE USING
TO HELP HIS BIG BROTHER
RUN THEIR FAMILY BUSINESS.
YOU NEED ME!?
YOU MEAN IT!?
LEON.
YOU HAVE A GIFT THAT COULD
HELP THRUST SCHROEDER CORP
STRAIGHT UP TO NUMBER ONE!
JUST TELL ME WHATEVER
YOU NEED ZIGFRIED!
I'LL DO ANYTHING TO BE A
PART OF OUR FAMILY AGAIN!
ANYTHING!
I PROMISE YOU'LL NEVER
BE ALONE AGAIN.
SEE YUGI...I'M NOT JUST
FIGHTING FOR MYSELF
I'M FIGHTING FOR
MY WHOLE FAMILY!
NOW LET'S DUEL!
SO LEON WAS BRAINWASHED
INTO DUELING US!?
HE SHOULD PLAY FOR HIS LOVE
OF THE GAME NOT HIS
FAMILY'S VENGEANCE!
DEEP DOWN HE KNOWS
THAT TOO.
I BELIEVE IT'S MY TURN!
SOOO...I'LL START THINGS OFF
BY SUMMONING THIS CARD!
IRON HANS!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL
'CAUSE ONCE THIS MONSTER'S
ON THE FIELD,
IT ALLOWS ME TO AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON MY IRON KNIGHT AS WELL!
GET READY TO STEP DOWN.
'CAUSE THERE'S A NEW CHAMPION
IN TOWN AND HIS NAME IS
LEON VON SCHROEDER!
NOW I SUMMON MY IRON KNIGHT!
I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T
LET ME DOWN LEON.
I WIN!
[GASPS]
YOU HAVE ONE MONSTER
AND I HAVE THREE!
SO BEFORE THIS TURN IS DONE,
YOUR FORMER TITLE WILL
BELONG TO SCHROEDER CORP!
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪